* Product 1: province: California, variety: Bordeaux-style Red Blend, winery: Vin Roc, price: 49.0, description: A red table wine (RTW) combining Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot and Cabernet Franc, this is stewy, dry and tannic, still puckering from two years spent in French oak. Let it open before settling in., title: Vin Roc 2011 RTW Red (Napa Valley), country: US, points: 85
* Product 2: province: California, variety: Bordeaux-style Red Blend, winery: Taken Wine Co., price: 40.0, description: This perfumed expression of 60% Cabernet Sauvignon and 40% Merlot shows a great depth of complexity and deliciousness for the price. Firm, grippy tannin stars alongside dark cherry, currant, clove and tobacco, all along a softened layering of texture., title: Taken Wine Co. 2014 Taken Red (Napa Valley), country: US, points: 88
* Product 3: province: Washington, variety: Red Blend, winery: Two Vintners, price: 25.0, description: Lola is a 50-50 Cabernet Sauvignon/Syrah blend, smooth and supple, with a mix of purple berries, black cherry, cassis and smoke. The tannins finish a little green, and the Cab/Syrah combo seems to nullify the clear, varietal expression of either grape, but overall this is a well-crafted wine that could stand nicely alongside a hanger steak., title: Two Vintners 2007 Lola Red Red (Columbia Valley (WA)), country: US, points: 87
* Product 4: province: California, variety: Red Blend, winery: Tinto Rey, price: 22.0, description: Deep color, bold fruit aromas and substantial, spicy flavors lend significant power and concentration to this full-bodied wine. It's nearly dry, well structured and balanced, with appealing blackberry, nutmeg and cinnamon flavors., title: Tinto Rey 2014 Super Tinto Red (Dunnigan Hills), country: US, points: 90
* Product 5: province: Washington, variety: Bordeaux-style Red Blend, winery: Pirouette, price: 50.0, description: A stunning Pirouette—63% Cabernet Sauvignon, 22% Merlot, 9% Cab Franc and 6% Petit Verdot. Full and magnificently rich, it is loaded with dense and thrilling fruit flavors of black cherry and cassis. A streak of iron and a hint of citrus keep the wine evolving through a long, beautifully balanced finish. Retasted after being open for 24 hours, the wine was as fresh and thrilling as on the first day., title: Pirouette 2008 Red Wine Red (Columbia Valley (WA)), country: US, points: 98